FF101 TransformStream API updates (#15637)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/experimental_features/index.md

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>Preference name</th>
      <td colspan="2"><code>image.jxl.enabled</code></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

#### Streams API: TransformStreams

> Firefox support for the [Streams API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Streams_API) transform streams, including classes and methods: [`TransformStream`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/TransformStream), [`TransformStreamDefaultController`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/TransformStreamDefaultController), and [`ReadableStream.pipeThrough()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ReadableStream/pipeThrough).

Reviewer: I'm not sure if the first part of this sentence reads quite right...

Author: ```suggestion
Support for [transform streams](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Streams_API#transform_streams), including the classes [`TransformStream`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/TransformStream) and [`TransformStreamDefaultController`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/TransformStreamDefaultController), and the method [`ReadableStream.pipeThrough()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ReadableStream/pipeThrough).
```

Author: Thanks @Rumyra , I think fixed by the above ^^^
